it's just a gaggle of balance leads guys
we've got a dealer to play against now
we're on serf Palace
again we got the top which I don't
really like and this time we're going to
do it right we're going to send our
Heretics over this side and we can send
our PC down this
way they can meet in the mid
check this out
man check that out my
master
sexy Marines
ET loving the
skin see I we keep the two ticks
together send them down that
side sort of poke down here with our PC
I kind of don't like the PC being here
actually I want to invert but we might
we'll just we'll just wing it cuz it's
going to cost us a little bit of
time just force
melee
[__]
now your un f
taking
fire
moving yeah it's all
right manag to get rid of them so that's
worth
something but they're capping down here
unfortunately and that is a little bit
of bleed for us but we weakened The Tech
Marine as well so it's not all bad
Heretics no mines or anything like that
so that's
good
okay to the eny fight
hard oh
wow fly really
why am I losing this
firefight they're in green cover I'm in
yellow cover what's all
[Music]
about
attack point is your there is no
glory okay we'll just Retreat from that
take
the so he's not built a lot of units I
need to be aware of
that he got pretty good map control all
things
considered interrupted
our
PR than youing
want
on
[__] it's too
slow jues of himself shall be your
weapon okay we need to bash now
be
destroy
it is dead
well this is not ideal is
it [__] sake
[Music]
to
the assistance
bloody L I should have got these other
Heretics ages
ago chaos
should I got a m to
go Le come up
cheers nice
God just can't bleed
him oh
[__] for some reason I didn't expect
them to be
thereau there is no
Servants of the dark
Gods we
are dark
majesty
thetics and
moving the enemy attacks with structs it
is a
good God's will we
shall the
day he's going to pressure with this
razor
back war of chaos to not
ideal
it are they
your this
day nice
whoops messed up me mcra
there cap
[Music]
who among shall
rise
destroy [__] out
fire fire will never stop me
get this
gen oh no no [__] h
fine they
refuse rises from RS we have
all right let's get back out
[Music]
there stand with your brothers
oh he got hit by his own last
Cannon oh
no oh
no not your own last cannon that's the
worst
got him
another yeah GG he got hit by his own
last
Cannon
rough okay now we de swapping to his
primary man Eldar old
school going to have my PC meet in the
mid with a CSM we're just going to run
over here with the Heretics I don't
really feel like there's a very good
place to send the Heretics in this map
they're kind of you know what I
mean is a good map for noise Marines
running around the sides up here
pressuring the farm constantly
but I don't know I feel like if the eler
is good they're just going to leave a
shuriken around there all the time and
I'm not really going to achieve a lot
with it so we'll see I've got to look
out and not let my Heretics get wrecked
by grenades like last game that was bad
especially after I upgraded them to
grenade
launchers yeah if I filter
micro that can
happen so let's see who we encounter
over here yes banshees ideal
ideal can actually send some Heretics
over there which will be pretty nice for
me look at how much damage they've taken
already that's good
chos yeah
okay we don't Doom
blast it's unnecessary lead
basically then we can turn around and
focus fire
them and we can go into melee as
well then we can Doom blast really want
to fight this guy
though that's a really good initial
engagement for us we can just push them
out of
cover with the CSM no
problem and keep cing grab that
I do like to see what my enem is going
to
get but it'll be all
right he's a warlock he doesn't have
much choices got to get a shuriken at
some point if he doesn't I'd be very
[Music]
shocked get our healing while we cap
there's not really anything better to
do okay and then Raptors and Heretics
can easily take on isolated B
okay there you go
Shen the enemy wishes
to lead
okay we got that's
good and run
away nope not this time a
[Music]
deer flesh run like
B the strong strong
ler with a
special
nice why the
abominant
SC summon the
Heretics
Ming
today victory that's all right
then it is our for Glory
of okay we do not want to fight
[Music]
that your forces obey you we do know
full push pressure
on Victory
oh [__] I didn't get that
gen it is our
for it's all
right weapons for the slaves of
heresy aition
okay double
Shen oh he drained my
energy frick
oh the
special did we get him
of no don't get spress
it's all right
T okay he's going to be healing for a
bit I'm not going to actually use the
mucus in base cuz I'm realizing how
valuable energy is when they've got
merciless witch
blade your forces
you your command it's all right that
so our range units will go
hunt the Warlock and as long as the AC
ticks are with the Raptors the bches
aren't going to be too much of a threat
to me 200 points
remain all right fine I don't know what
he's doing
and now
you oh he's tier
two right
okay
fine what an evasive little
bastard very evasive wasn't
he little evasive rat CH
War shutting down over
here can we get a
model it's
fine
[Music]
thetics pressure
on it's not an important fight could win
it with touch and noo but there's no
point at all bring forth more Servants
of the dark God
that's
weird the enemy attacks one of your
strs wi some VPS to be
honest I'm bleeding a
lotos has the upper hand
move to the
wall wow look at that blade
man for Eternal
wargh don't think he wants
this wow
okay okay okay okay
bad match up for me we don't want to be
here um I'm not sure what he's doing
exactly with
hiss
remain well with a lot of his stuff to
be
honest oh [__] he's got a vehicle oh
that's not
good yeah my comp is bleeding way too
much right now I shouldn't have got the
SC that was not needed at all
really not
needed
enemy they
why can't I uh
scream that's weird
what that's all
about oh
well kind of
lame is your come on you
o that's not
good you are losing us a victory Point
go
away holy [__] you're so
annoying thein
did you not get it seriously
Hammer Raptors are awesome man I really
like Raptors
yeah
GG G G man we managed it he this economy
is not
good so we made mistakes here guys he
didn't push as well as he could have
with his Falcon he had a huge advantage
and he lost it in a very sloppy manner
but I invested way too much into my
Heretics and also when I got to T2 I
really didn't need to get a csmac as
early as I did and it put me in a bit of
a precarious situation but hey we got
around it nonetheless Raptors are
awesome finally it's the Odo malas we
get to fight the Odo malas as chaos this
is what I've wanted for a very long time
okay so uh yeah PC up to that then that
then the two Heretics can run down this
side of the map then you can send the PC
and the CSM into the mid and it should
be a happy fun
time yeah so um AO malas I think I've
got a pretty good match up against zordo
malas if I'm being
honest I think it's favored for me
definitely want a fast Havoc
100% you need to keep the two Heretics
together to fight the strike Squad and
you don't want to fight the strike Squad
with the CSM and P that's for sure that
would be a pretty inefficient match up
for me he might be playing BC which
would be the hardest probably in the
early game at least maybe not scaling
later we'll
see your forces oby
you think I'm just going to take it
steady and not push up too far cuz if I
do meet IST and I'm isolated with one
heretic I'm not really going to get a
lot done so there's not really much
Point okay Demon Hunter Demon Hunter
making it
yours your scouting my build that's
fine yeah we good we
good okay a Demon Hunter interesting so
what we're going to do now is we see
nothing over there we're not going to
keep the heretic there because remember
if we have an isolated heretic Squad
it's not going to do too much whereas if
we have two heretic squads together we
have nothing to fear
get Havoc
soon so now you can
disengage and you can cap cuz we don't
see any IST H sorry we only see
IST we don't see any green
I get around the
corner then
activate you worship turn the CSM around
so they face the correct way buy another
gen havoc on
R cover down here for
now your
we
shall get the
wall
our your units fulfill your
command
Ser so we assume that he's going to go
fast interceptors and that's
fine we get the AC
moving power is
in
for master out that's
good
ooh brain mines
interesting which is the purpose of this
I'm not sure we' got a lot more upgrades
than initially
anticipated oh [__] I'm going to die
[__] yeah I lost that
Squad yeah I mean I walked into mines
what can you
do quizy operatives
oh that was
silly that's a good
position he's in a bad spot now
we are chaos in stri
me
smashing my
forces bees
oh
[__] I need to make
sure that I
get
detection is temporary
okay let's get out of here it's enough
gem bashing for a day for a while anyway
yeah detection kind of needed just
replace those gens that's
fine we just take on
this got some pretty good kit aren't
we
overall protect there quite
easily the sors are quite weak should be
able to take them on easily enough with
these
Heretics and we go t
two double blood Crusher
probably don't want to fight operatives
really
not
really yeah we do want to protect our
gen a
structure it doesn't really have a good
gen bashing tool so that's quite good
for us
that they arm really quick don't
they seem to arm like know they
imately kind of
weird the
to keep moving I don't know where the
rest of their [__] is the crush
time oh maybe not maybe we just go for
the dreadnut to be honest seems to have
the economy for
it we have the advantage for now
for yeah rest
no
all is
temporary
position
excellent resist
I should have got on the Ice
T I don't have any red how much red is
it why is Touch of nurgle 175 red
guys that seems a little bit excessive
if I'm being honest with youing
fresh
Warriors you will be K
by all
right should be pretty good
here'll probably be t two pretty damn
soon he probably is tier two now
but oh he just got the model
nice of the dark
Gods Mar real soon take
theis we
power is
our it's nice that you get a little bit
of healing on your
dreadn just from the
worship but yeah we're going to need CPM
next to counter
initiate okay that's a vindicare
assassin
[Music]
you
yeah okay
[Music]
interesting up hand
deoy Jos has the upper hand
the enemy has 200 points remain
the yeah I'm kind of chilling to be
honest we summon all the kid of
chaos
time attack
attack ready go go
Victory so tanky man
once and destroy
[Music]
moving keep moving Noy
yeah I'm not going TI three should
be what are they doing to
theare I
you already mine
[Music]
bro simply no match for us
oh get
back now his ma is messing up
[Music]
good pain in the ass these are man
the yeah that's
game that will be the
game interesting strategy
with the whole shrines and stuff I
actually do think that a fast tech
strategy probably is optimal in this
matchup if you commit really hard to the
strike Squad plus
interceptors with two times
IST I just find you get out teched and
the double blood Crusher kind of wrecks
you plague sword in tier one Raptors to
shut down any purgation that you
get havocs to make you engage and negate
your double ist your strike Squad it's a
problem I don't like the matchup from
the OM perspective but yeah brain mines
pretty good will we lose a game with PC
guys what do you
think got another
Observer I always forget who these
players are cuz they keep changing their
names I think it might be
Mickey hence dark Miku but I'm not
entirely
sure
um okay this map doesn't have garrisons
on this side it's the ice version that
does so we'll send the double tick down
this way and we'll send the CSM and PC
over this side see what they encounter
over
there now my fa Here Is
Random so don't really know what to
expect it's going to be
random it should be okay cuz we're the
PC and we're happy being the PC oh it's
IG I hate playing against the IG
I'm going to still get the double the
double tick you know I'm going to do
it go for double
tick can pressure them early but what it
means is that I don't need my Heretics
together
anymore if it's an LG it'll be a lot
easier it's not the LG then it won't be
that easy
I forgot that the plague Champion does
absolutely pitiful DPS by default in
melee
en oh he went fast stomp that's a bit
weird not sure why he'd do that and he's
bleeing way too much this is not good
you want to avoid fighting for as long
as possible
with the Guardsman that don't have their
Sergeant because it hurts if you've got
a you got to do that
thing there you go
okay whoops not
cing havon route
[Music]
ah
[__] need to do that Victory see if we
can deny them from capping that this
wreck yeah it looks like we can sweet
get another gen down then we go for
noise
Marines get turn War as
well run you over here run you
[Music]
there
attacking right just get rid of you you
can finish that bash then you can
Retreat and no spend dem all
[Music]
now
Ming all
right we shall Ming
really wow that was bad
RNG holy crap
man unbelievable
RNG you will be killed by
tra can we get him with the damage of a
Time I don't think
so it's all
right flesh run my
B fresh Warriors
dispatched wow you're
B God kiss
wait he has no
Chens
what why does he have no gens I am a
little bit confused
okay he has no
G what the
[__] what is that all
about our sound shall
silence
us is temporary
our sound shall
carry the emperor gra strikes at
us I should have had him a bit more
forward actually whoops
sound
cover you'll be
oh [__] they're going to
die yeah
whatever than you lost Marine
tooon the
whatever bring forth all Servants of the
dark your
forces do
not we have the advantage
just focus on killing the Sentinel
now like that it probably is dead no
aspiran Champion for us
unfortunately which might cause it to
live little
[__] yeah
probably wow
okay that's bad
take that
point summon the
Heretics you
for
Heretics going
[Music]
our power Lo is in
Jeopardy
ready I want to see what he gets in tier
two
first go for
this should be pretty safe
oh
deer has 200
point I
cannot we have the
advantage that with
what's he
doing yeah that's not a good
idea
mhm yeah yeah
yeah keep moving
I all right we'll get the fist now and
then we can One V one basically whatever
comes our way
in case this thing gets a missile
launcher with a gasman nearby as well we
will want the Z K SP to
assist we shall
TR keep
dropping drop
Champion has level
three
moving take
it I cannot move from
here fresh
Warriors take it
drop down a cloud on these boys
yeah I don't need this let's just go
tier
three he's just going to mess around
with Storm Troopers and stuff yeah
GG cuz like what's he going to get
Chimera who cares his best bet really to
scare me there is to go orens with aura
of discipline or something but you know
I've got everything I need to counter
that
really if anything I'd get chosen plague
Marines to fight that
all right this might be a tough one for
me we're on the green tooth jungle Redux
which is a huge map and PC one of his
biggest problems is his relative
immobility I also know that adill likes
to play the mech boy as like his
tertiary kind of hero so he's probably
going Mech byy and if he does on this
map with the impassible terrain and
relatively large size of it could be
tough for me we'll
see we shall see
[Music]
not sure about my opening C orders
here
um bit awkward
really might like kind of forego that
side VP for a while put the pressure
down the other side I'm not
sure It's Tricky yeah I think I might do
that I think I might just put a load of
pressure down here to be honest we'll
come here with this guy this heretic
will sort of run up this side as as well
the only downside is we leave our power
Farm quite vulnerable with this play but
we can pressure their Farm as well and I
can go for something like a spewer and
in fact to compensate I can build my
contested here instead which is a bit
weird
but give it a
go now you should have some optimal
setups for initial capping orders on
basically every map that should be these
guys gone as soon as he realizes should
have realized a little bit sooner bit
slow
ooh interesting he's a koob not me
boy oh [__] I was a little slow on my
Doom
blast it's not
good nice Mass rout just like
that so what I can do now is he can
flank
around and I can get an AC on this squad
here and then they'll be able to not
sorry not on this squad so that they can
One V one the Sluggers that would be
nice wouldn't it wouldn't that be
nice that's why we're swapping these
even though this guy's closer to here we
don't want to do
that oh double suers oh [__] okay
[Music]
interesting
okay didn't expect
that I didn't I really
didn't now this is a bit awkward we're
not in the best of positions
here let's get into melee with
you BS
a [__] yes we got
him it's all right
your forces obey
you okay double Sluggers what we're
going to do is I'm going to try out
these black grenades I don't think I'd
normally get them quite this early but
that's all right we can give it a go
it's a bit of fun in
it what the [__] why did they stop what
is going on
are they Gro odies what the
hell
okay dude honestly this is
madness what the [__] was that
TOS oh honestly I don't know what's
going on right now this is absolute
Insanity silence those shoters
PC do you want to like
shoot oh he got the PC as well I thought
he wouldn't be able
to God damn
it okay I think I've fallen
[Music]
asleep here Goos
forces obey
you take it no matter the
cost we need our PC
back you hadn't gathered that
already is a needed
thing let let the green
what
now yeah we got a model
yay we
[Music]
yikes my god look how much power I've
got what the
[__] actually got
loads what's over here is this another
Slugger Squad
30 bot feel like it's infiltrating over
to my gen Farms right
now as we
speak call now upon the UN power of the
chaos guards this game is really weird
this what happens when you start getting
abnormal
Maps point will games like this
[Music]
changer the enemy
[__]
sake not used to the arc
damage there you
go sink
what the path to ruin moving take the
victory for for the glory of
chaos No Rest
no we should be getting another slugger
but we're not going to because we need
the hero backs of the dark God this is
such a silly game I don't know what's
going
on and then we're bleeding so much on
thepp the damn Heretics over here it's
delaying oh [__]
team shall shroud this world oh that was
terrible yeah this is the uh the last
game I'm playing cuz I am falling
[Music]
asleep yeah the change was that they
made GRC cap at a normal speed
now you can see oh my god there pretty
annoying how fast they
cap do cap
quick come on move
forward yeah kill a g treat go on might
as
well 360
kill 360
spin absolutely ridiculous
moving
moving prepare the infection a very lean
build haven't
we oh I don't think you want that yeah
well we can safely say that black
grenades have done nothing this uh this
match sad
every step what else do we even want
what do we
want um plague Marines
[Music]
maybe I mean only if he gets a vehicle
though it's kind of annoying drop
another gen in the meantime I
suppose definitely don't want a turret
when he's a Commando knob that can
infiltrate that' be a pretty awful
really
wow aoom
kit it's legit
man why do these Busters have five
models
what is the meaning of
this you shall my my
press is spping
away oh they are annoying how fast they
[__] cap and all
that it's pretty annoying
see if these black grenades can actually
do
anything yeah yeah
pretty
good I mean look the grops are annoying
running around capping uh decapping even
I don't think they can cap but yeah they
definitely Decap at a pretty decent
speed oh hello
is
lost get the F their
ladyy we will not need that one of our
generators is under
attacked
Cathedral of burning my
gens deactivated
want
truck wow I have level four Heretics
what the
[__] that seems kind of
ridiculous to be
[Music]
honest
your these are only 35
power interesting
are the armored fist of
chos
chaos chaos only for a
moment strong me
has
reached [__] out look at the burners
[Music]
jeez we summon all the chin of chaos AR
you an annoying
boy your forces are
it's all right it heal itself
now attack
I don't know what this is all about man
it never seems to use this ability it's
weird you are losing us a victory point
oh yes for more of the
darks I love the self regen of the nle
pride very very
strong very
strong and then this guy can basically
solo anything on that side might as well
get touch no when I get the chance need
more requis may have W us
oh yeah I want to reinforce in the
field oh it's GG he's run out of VPS
yeah fair enough okay well there you go
guys that was some
games no PR for the win
[Music]
a